The first room will be your actual childhood bedroom. At first you will think
you have not gone anywhere since some of the elements are the same. But then
you will realize that the tablet and transparent notebook are gone, and your
toys, posters, etc, all of which were not there before, are now present in the
room. I think we can make the first room travel somewhere along the lines of
teleportation or you just appear in the room. We will still navigate using the
required commands, but it can be you are looking at the tablet and then when
you look up you realize the room is different. We can work on this as we go but
I think that the first time you travel it needs to be a slow realization that
you are not where you were a few seconds ago. We can build up to the
realization that you have time travelled back to your childhood.

On the desk is your old commodore 64 computer. You turn it on and it loads
your favorite game you used to play. Whatever that game is . . . we can figure
that out. BUT it will be a text-adventure game that you never finished. In
order to get out of this room and get back to the present, you need to finish
the game. We can load the saved game, make part of the story narration how
you remember you never were able to beat the game, and then have a few parts
in the story you must finish to unlock the present. We can also make it
part of the text adventure game you are playing on your computer to ask you
if you want to go back to the present or spend some more time in your
childhood bedroom. In order to be able to unlock further rooms, you will
need to grab the remote control of the TV that is in the present, which
was also your tv when you were a kid. You need this remote to change the
channel so you can get the codes to unlock the other folders and advance
in the game.

You will be able to go back to the present without the remote, but you will not
be able to advance any further in the game without it. If you do go back
without searching your childhood bedroom first, we can have a message on the
screen that reads along the lines of, "There must be something you missed in
your old bedroom," or something like that. Once you have the remote, you can
change the channel. At first there will only be one other channel, which we be
the code for the folder to the next room. Then, later, maybe you can scan for
channels and unlock the other codes. We can talk about that part, but at first
the only channels will be the codes.